---
  counter:  '06'
  time: 7:00pm
  title: 'Cleanweb UX - the psychology of behaviour change'
  location: Baumhaus Berlin
  location_url: https://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&hl=en&q=Gerichtstra%C3%9Fe+23+%28front+house%2C+ground+floor%29%2C+Berlin%2C+de
---

Hey Cleanwebbers,

This time round, we're looking at how you can apply psychology to service and web design, to make it easier for user to Do The Right Thing.

Big thanks for Climate KIC for the drinks, food and space!

- #### 6:30 Doors open
- #### 7:00 Welcome and introductions
- #### 7:10 **1st Speaker**

  We're lucky enough to have environmental psychologist [Christian Hoffman](http://www.innoz.de/christian_hoffmann.0.html) speaking about his work on  service design and environmental sustainability.

- #### 7:35 Lightning Talks

  _Short, fun talks about tech and sustainability. 3-5 mins each._

  #### Changers.com - Rewarding sustainable behaviour

  Daniela is co-founder and COO of Changers.com. She has a background in media arts and is deeply involved into encouraging women to go into tech.

  #### Ecotastic - the loyalty program for the environment

  Co-founder of ecotastic, Anna Yukiko Bickenbach believes in real behavior change with spice :D, pushing the environmental movement one step at a time and taking risks for humanity with dignity.  

  We're looking for speakers, and have one more slot going! Curious about giving a talk? [Check our speaker's page _here_](https://docs.google.com/a/productscience.co.uk/forms/d/1THfsECvbwjHbeeaBZt-VUvKy5-1hu7JUyW0ga3gSd-Y/viewform).

- #### 7:45 Break for chat and networking
- #### 8:00 Community announcements
- #### 8:10 Fishbowl Conversation

After the talks, we'll be opening the conversation to the room, with a fishbowl discussion. Fishbowl is like a panel discussion, but open for anyone in the audience to join the stage, to make the most of the knowledge in the room.

It worked great last time, so we're giving it another go!
