---
  counter:  '04'
  time: 7:00pm
  title: 'Cleanweb Meetup 4'
  location: Green Garage
  location_url: https://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&hl=en&q=52.480240,13.355110
---

Hello Cleanwebers,  

Join us at the Green Garage Incubator to enjoy two talks, a few drinks, and food.  

### Programme

- 18:30 Doors open. Say hello, have a drink  
- 19:00 Welcome and community announcements
- 19:15 First Speaker - [Transitionlab](http://transitionlab.wordpress.com/) (Jon Richter)
- 19:30 Second Speaker - [Open Oil Corporate Structure Navigator](https://openoil.iilab.org) ([Jun Matsushita](https://iilab.org))
- 20:00: Networking, Food & Drinks

### Who's speaking?

#### Transition lab / MMM : Mapping socio-ecologic innovation

Collaborative efforts are thriving everywhere, but still lack visibility. Where cartographic visualizations exist, they are limited in scope, scattered and under-used. This process aims at collecting, linking and visualizing existing groups, projects and initiatives of the collaborative economy.

#### OpenOil

How do you compare spending on fossil fuels subsidies to renewables if you can't follow the funding? How can you see who benefits from poor environmental standards when you can't track how they're made. See how OpenOil is using open data and crowd sourcing to make this visible for the first time, See how OpenOil is using open data and crowd sourcing to make this visible for the first time, and how iilab is building the technology for it.

#### Interested in speaking? Get in touch!

This community event is supported by Climate-KIC who provide the venue, food & drinks for free. Thanks!  

If you're tweeting tonight, use the #cleanweb tag to keep conversations connected!  
